trivandrum people,
//There was something special about that place.I hardly know that was it the people whom I met there or the auro of that place that was so peaceful.
The first day in ilp was something very special because I met a girl who was from Idukki ,kerela...she was sitting just beside me wearing a kurti searching something in her bag.We just exchanged smiles and then a simple "hi". Who knows that such simple smiles can create such deep connections between two people. I hardly knew that the instinct that I had for her was the same that she was having for me. I don't know why I felt that pure friendship connection with her. Sani ,she introduced herself.The girl who was sitting beside me as a stranger on the very first day proved to be my biggest support in a new place and a new city indeed. She was the girl who was so similar to me in some traits .A pure soul she is,a caring heart and moreover a girl whom I just can't stop loving. There are always some people whom you meet in your life and you always wish that you would have met them before...she was one among them...Lying on her bed in her room for hours was just to be with her because I knew she was going through a hard time when she told me about Neeraj. Though we both always had 'Yashashree ,my roommate' in between us but it hardly made a difference.I can say Yashashree may be good
roommate but she wasn't my kinda person.I still remember that simple small oreo biscuits that could make Sani so happy..Giving her oreos was something I loved ..Yes, I miss her now but I always want her to be happy because she deserves every bit of happiness....I don't know when will I meet her again to translate her every sentence in hindi that I'll speak..But whenever it is again ,I'll still find her cute speaking in Hindi.
On the fifth day,when Sani and my system in the office stopped working and we were looking for people who could share their systems with us,I just turned back and saw a boy using his system and he agreed to share his system with me...it was 'akash',one among those people who made me realize that life sometimes gives you health issues but your heart should know how to overcome them and enjoy your life. Akash, the boy who could be a life to any group he is a part of because he knows how to create that cool ambiance .He is a person who may be hard to get along with at first but once you get to know him he is really a kind and an emotional person. Such was Akash!!.He was a prickly pear for sure. He is the person who could scold me so easily and the first time that I felt this was in B6 Inn. I wish him to recover very fast because he wishes to see the world and enjoy every minute of his life...Those special sentences in which Akash almost took the copyright which I'll always miss from his tongue.
"Basim , Vasim with a B" and "I am from Mumbai".This is how Basim always introduced himself .God!! he was a mumbai lover but soon we changed him in just a span of 40 days and in the end he was like,"I am fine at any place till the time we all were together". Raj from kolkata and Pranesh,finally someone from my city,Lucknow.The webinar for the day started and so did our conversations...Finally after the webinar we started coding.After getting frustrated with the question,me and Basim ,we ourselves don't know why ,but we started coding together on the same system. And we hardly had any idea that we are gonna continue coding together till our ilp ends.Basim,the boy who is immature ,whom I called a "mumma's boy", who is childish but at the same time, is a deep observer.Throughout our 45 days training , we had almost fought each day. Actually,I don't know why but I made him say sorry so many times and I often regret that. It was Basim with whom I could always feel free to take coding breaks and just talk randomly about the world in just those 5 to 10 min of conversations. Though we took those breaks often and moreover in those 10 min of our talk also ,we fought like anything . B6Inn ,a club or whatever u call ,now the first thing that strikes me with it is "Basim".The topic just closed with Basim saying"I drink occasionally,with occasionally highlighted" .The pinches that he always did on my hand will always be missed because no one did that so hard though Sani's hard slaps and pushes compensated everything
but Basim always ended up giving sani 'his cute slaps'..Damn, these moments can still be felt just in front of my eyes and I wish to just stop each moment. Basim was the first person whom I met till now who was more immature than me. But that immature nature made him different because by being this, he learnt something new everyday from his life and that too from his own mistakes. I always wish that he gets geniuine people in his life because we can't always be with him to make him differentiate between the right and the wrong person.The special thing that Basim had with him and none of us had was that it was so easy for him to make anyone smile and I think that is the hardest task that anyone can ever get and Basim I don't know how could he do it so easily... His love for "chupa chups loolypop" was something that made me beleive that he is kid but he is best this way only....He is a lovely friend to have and yes I'll always miss his fights .
Raj,the one who could adjust in every possible situation and be happy in it.A down to earth person who was always there to share the food with us...His perfect timing for everything that he spoke was something out of the box. His "words " just to make fun of Akash's slipdisc were something that we couldnt stop laughing at. Raj was always the one who woke up early in the morning in the weekends just to make plans for that day's outing.How can i forget his different level love for "chicken",that smile he had on eating the first piece of
chicken bucket.And moreover, his dance,he is the only person whom I have met so far who dances so heartfully, hardly caring about anyone nearby.
Pranesh,though he accompanied us in only few outings but he is a nice human and a good person to talk to. His always safe side tricks made akash taunt him but that was what defined pranesh, coder and a life savior for rescuing us from the errors that our systems always gave while coding.
The entire journey of Trivandrum was just among these people.Starting from our first outing to Kovalam to our last outing to Varkala ,brought all of us so close in such a beautiful way that parting away became difficult each day and finally when we were in the airport,it was Akash who couldn't stop his tears but thankfully I did ,though I couldn't, after I was in the flight alone. ...And now when we are in different cities,I am missing them like anything.Trivandrum was special just because of these people.